Ukuran website
Width: 5782px
Heigh: 3200px
--------------------------------------------
Warna dasar:
#feeae3

"Subscribe" font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Medium
ukuran: 15,7pt
warna: #ed1d5e

"Dapatkan Penawaran.." font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Bold
ukuran: 27,38pt
warna: #ed1d5e

"Subscribe button" font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Bold
ukuran: 13,66pt
warna original: #ffffff
warna diklik: #ed1d5e

Subscribe button:
warna original: #ed2e41 (kiri) x #ec0683 (kanan), 90 (putaran)
warna diklik: #ffffff

"Masukkan emailmu" font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Regular
ukuran: 18pt
warna original: #fab2c8

"2020 Samware Tech" font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Regular
ukuran: 16pt
warna original: #ffffff

"Tentang Kami" font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Bold
ukuran: 18pt
warna original: #ffffff

"Tentang Samware.." font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Regular
ukuran: 18pt
warna original: #ffffff

"Layanan" font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Bold
ukuran: 18pt
warna original: #ffffff

"Website Statis.." font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Regular
ukuran: 18pt
warna original: #ffffff

"Ikuti Kami" font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Bold
ukuran: 18pt
warna original: #ffffff

"+62.." font:
jenis: Noto Sans JP - Regular
ukuran: 18pt
warna original: #ffffff